# Weekends

## What do you plan to do for next weekend?

I plan to write my paper next weekend. Because I will graduate at summer but I haven't completed my thesis. I can do little researching at home for my vocation, and the next weekend will be the first weekend in school this year. So, I have to make use of weekend to work more.

## Do you make plans for weekends?

To be honest, usually I don't make plans for weekends. How to spend my weekends will depend on my work progress. If my works can be done well on time, I will go out for climbing or riding. But I have to work more when I have large pressure such as deadline.

## What did you do last weekend?

I spend last weekend majorly on preparing my IELTS exam, while I enjoyed walking with my parents in the garden at night. In fact, many people had begun their work last week, so I can find few of my old classmates or friends for relax. In addition, there is no much time for me at home this vocation, so I prefer spend time with my family.

## What do you usually do on weekends?

It depends on how much my works have done. While because my dormitory is far away from urban, I usually spend my time reading or writing in my office instead of going out of my school even though I don't have too much pressure of my work. However, I also enjoy climbing and cycling with my friends in fact.

## Would you say weekends are important to us?

Of course, I indeed think weekends are really important. In most cases, people get tired as we have worked a lot at weekdays. So, we need get a rest for relax. Weekends is a good time allow us to do something not relevant to works, including housework as well as watching movies, climbing and other entertainments.
