# Happiness

## What made you happy when you were little?

Oh, I was really easy to feel happy when I was a kid. For example, running and playing with other children in the playground is the thing I usually enjoyed at the summer. Reading when I can't play outsides with others would make me happy as well.

## Is there anything that has made you feel happy lately?

To be honest, when I grow up, I can't feel happy easily as former. Maybe I can feel happy mostly when I achieve some goals. For example, if I succeed in programming some function of my software, I will satisfy my work and then feel happy.

## What do you think will make you feel happy in the future?

Aha, I think if I can get a good enough score in my IELTS test I will feel happy for a long time. In addition, I'm struggling in applying the universities abroad. So if I get a offer from my ideal university, I think I will not forget that day.

## Do you think happiness is important?

Of course, yes. I think happiness is an important part of our life, motivate us to do more to the goal even though there is a lot of difficult we have to face. For example, sometimes I fail in my experiments or lose the idea for further researching, it's happiness from the achievement of usual works drives me to insist on it.

## Are you happy when you buy new things?

Umm it's a little strange question, I think. I usually buy something when I need it. So, I don't think happiness is relevant with buying. However, if I get a thing I long for a long time, I will be really happy. 

## When do you feel happy at work?

When I achieve the goals at work or finish the whole work, I will feel happy. Every time I get a new achievement means my ability have be improved a little. In addition, the completement of work usually indicates I can have a short rest from the working pressure.